Ms. Amador: ...VOLKSWAGON
ON HER CHEST.
Ms. Amador: GREAT.
Sean: GOOD GOD!
Liz: EVERY TIME I SEE WHAT WOMEN
DO TO THEMSELVES WITH THESE TIT
JOBS, IT MAKES ME ASHAMED OF
WHAT I DO FOR A LIVING.
Christian: THESE TIT JOBS ARE
70% OF OUR BUSINESS, LIZ.
WHY DON'T YOU THINK ABOUT THAT
THE NEXT TIME YOU SLIP YOUR
GROSSLY OVERPAID ASS INTO YOUR
COURTSIDE SEATS AT THE WNBA.
SO, WAS JULIA COMPLETELY INSANE
WHEN SHE WAS PREGNANT?
Sean: NO MORE THAN USUAL. WHY?
Christian: GINA JUST SEEMS
PARTICULARLY OUT OF HER MIND
LATELY.
Sean: APPARENTLY, SO ARE YOU.
I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU'RE STICKING
WITH THIS.
Christian: SHE'S KEEPING THE
CHILD, SEAN. WHAT WAS I SUPPOSED
TO DO?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
* IF I WERE TO SAY TO YOU,
"CAN YOU KEEP A SECRET?"
WOULD YOU KNOW JUST WHAT TO DO
OR WHERE TO KEEP IT?
THEN I SAY, "I LOVE YOU,"
FOLLOW THE SITUATION,
HEY, GIRL, I THOUGHT WE WERE
THE RIGHT COMBINATION... *
Sean: THIS POOR WOMAN. THOSE
GUYS ARE BUTCHERS DOWN THERE.
I DON'T EVEN THINK BOBOLIT PUTS
IN DOUBLES ANYMORE.
THERE. YOU ALL RIGHT?
Christian: LAST ONE. GOT IT.
[STRAINED GRU NT]
DOES THIS LOOK LIKE SALINE TO
YOU?
Sean: THE COLOR'S OFF. SO'S THE
CONSISTENCY. WHAT THE HELL ARE
THEY PUTTING IN THESE THINGS
DOWN THERE?
Escobar: HEROIN. THAT TIT YOU'RE
HOLDING IS WORTH A QUARTER OF A
MILLION DOLLARS.
Christian: WHAT DO YOU WANT?
Escobar: WHAT'S MINE. PEPE,
FETCH THE TITS.
Escobar: NOW FINISH SEWING HER
UP. I'LL WAIT IN DR. MCNAMARA'S
OFFICE. I CAN'T STAND THE SIGHT
OF BLOOD.
Stereo: * SHOOT THAT POISON
ARROW *
*AHH*
* MAKE ME BEAUTIFUL *
* MAKE ME
A PERFECT SOUL,
A PERFECT MIND,
A PERFECT FACE,
A PERFECT
LIFE *
Escobar: WHERE'S THE DYKE?
Christian: STILL THROWING UP HER
MCGRIDDLE.
Escobar: AND HOW'S MY MARIA
DOING?
Sean: RESTING COMFORTABLY IN
RECOVERY.
Escobar: WHEN WILL SHE BE READY
TO TRAVEL? I HAVE TO GET HER
BACK TO COLUMBIA TO GET
IMPLANTED AGAIN.
Sean: YOU CAN'T PUT HER THROUGH
THAT. HER MUSCLE TISSUE WAS
TERRIBLY DAMAGED BY THE LAST
SURGERY. SHE COULD LOSE ALL
FEELING IN HER BREASTS IF YOU
TRY AGAIN.
Escobar: SMALL PRICE TO PAY FOR
THE CHANCE AT THE
AMERICAN DREAM.
THAT GIRL BEGGED TO BE MY MULE
JUST TO GET INTO THIS COUNTRY.
WHO ARE WE TO JUDGE HER FOR
WANTING SOMETHING BETTER FOR
HERSELF, SOMETHING YOU TWO TAKE
FOR GRANTED EVERY DAY?
Christian: I'VE HEARD ENOUGH OF
THIS BULLSHIT.
SHE'S NOT GOING ANYWHERE. I'M
CALLING THE COPS.
Escobar: YEAH, YOU DO THAT,
DR. TROY. I, UH, HAD SOME THINGS
I WANTED TO DISCUSS WITH THEM
ABOUT A FORMER PATIENT OF YOURS.
YOU GUYS REMEMBER SILVIO PEREZ,
RIGHT? I'M SURE YOU REMEMBER
WHERE YOU DUMPED HIS BODY.
Escobar: NOW, LET'S TALK SHOP.
YOUR BUSINESS AND MINE ARE A LOT
ALIKE. WE HELP PEOPLE DEAL WITH
THE HATE THAT THEY FEEL ABOUT
THEMSELVES. YOU DO IT BY CARVING
UP THEIR FACES. I DO IT BY
DULLING THEIR SENSES. A NOSE
JOB, AN 8-BALL...WHAT'S THE
DIFFERENCE? NOW, WHAT KEEPS US
IN BUSINESS ARE 2 THINGS. ONE,
PEOPLE ARE ALWAYS GOING TO HATE
THEMSELVES. 2, WE DO OUR JOBS
WITH THE UTMOST PRECISION.
NO SCARS, NO LOOSE ENDS, AND NO
MISSING 300 GRAND. I WANT MY
MONEY BACK.
Sean: WHAT MONEY?
Escobar: THE MONEY SILVIO PEREZ
STOLE FROM ME TO PAY FOR HIS NEW
FACE. NOW, I'LL GIVE YOU A WEEK
TO PAY ME BACK, BECAUSE YOU GUYS
DID SUCH A NICE JOB ON MARIA.
Christian: WE DON'T HAVE ACCESS
TO THAT KIND OF CASH. WE SPENT
IT...ON BUSINESS IMPROVEMENTS.
Escobar: NOT MY PROBLEM.
Sean: WE'RE NOT LIQUID RIGHT
NOW. SORRY.
Escobar: THAT'S A PRE'I'I'Y WIFE,
DR. MCNAMARA. I COULD GET IT UP
FOR HER. SHE WORK OUT?
Instructor: REMEMBER YOUR
GUIDING PRINCIPLES, LADIES:
FORM, PRECISION...BREATHING.
FIND YOUR CORE AND THEN JUST LET
YOUR MUSCLES OBEY YOUR WILL.
AND LIFI' AND SWITCH.
Suzanne: JULIA! COLOR ME
SHOCKED. NEVER IN A MILLION
YEARS WOULD I IMAGINE YOU'D GIVE
UP JUDE FOR US MERE MORTALS.
Instructor: LONG NECKS.
Suzanne: HOW'S YOUR CORE THESE
DAYS?
Instructor: LONG LINES.
Julia: OVEREXTENDED. HOW'S YOUR
DIVORCE?
Suzanne: GOING AROUND, FROM WHAT
I HEAR. ANNIE TOLD TORY THAT
MOMMY AND DADDY AREN'T TALKING.
Instructor: LET'S DO SOME
ROLL-UPS.
Suzanne: MY SYMPATHIES, JULIA.
Instructor: RAISE UP YOUR
ARMS...AND ROLL UP WITH YOUR
HEAD AND SHOULDERS FOLLOWING.
DEEPEN THE CURVE...AND EXHALE
ROLLING DOWN. SHOULDERS DOWN
YOUR BACK.
Sofia: JULIA MCNAMARA, RIGHT?
SOFIA LOPEZ. OH, MY MANNERS.
I'M SORRY. I AM A PATIENT OF
YOUR HUSBAND'S.
Julia: OH.
Sofia: YOU'RE JUST AS PRETTY AS
IN YOUR PICTURE.
Julia: RIGHT. OF COURSE. YEAH.
SOFIA--HE'S TOLD ME ALL ABOUT
YOU.
Sofia: AND HE'S TOLD ME ALL
ABOUT YOU, TOO. ESPECIALLY,
JULIA, ABOUT HOW YOGA PILATES
REALLY WORKS FOR YOU. WELL,
DR. MCNAMARA THOUGHT IT WOULD
WORK FOR ME, TOO, MAYBE LENGTHEN
MY MUSCLES. THEY CAN LOOK
FEMININE AND LEAN LIKE YOURS.
Instructor: PULL THE BELLY OFF
THE FLOOR. BELLYBUTTON TO SPINE.
Sofia: GOODNESS, I FEEL LIKE
GUMBY.
Instructor: INHALE AS YOU
EXTEND. EXHALE DOWN. SIT BACK ON
YOUR HEELS TO CHILD'S POSE.
EXTEND YOUR BACK AND BREATHE.
GOOD.
Sofia: MAYBE AFTER WE'RE DONE, I
COULD TREAT YOU TO A SMOOTHIE.
Julia: OH, SOFIA, I'D LOVE TO,
BUT I HAVE TO PICK MY DAUGHTER
UP AFTER SCHOOL, AND THEN I HAVE
A CLASS, SO...
Instructor: EXCELLENT. ROLL UP
TO SITTING...AND NAMASTI. THANK
YOU, CLASS. GREAT WORK TODAY.
Christian: DO YOU HAVE TO EAT
THAT ON MY BED? THOSE ARE $1,100
SHEETS.
Gina: I HAVE TO EAT, ASSHOLE.
FAT MAKES THE BABY'S BRAIN GROW.
I--THIS BED HAS SHARP CORNERS.
NOT GOOD. WE'RE GONNA HAVE TO
BABYPROOF THIS BEFORE JUNIOR
SHOWS UP. HUH. TOO BAD YOU
DIDN'T BABYPROOF IT BEFORE,
HUH? HERE. I EARMARKED THE
STUFF WE NEED.
Christian: 4 GRAND FOR A PRAM?
Gina: IT'S A BURBERRY.
THEY'RE ALL THE RAGE.
Christian: HERE. THIS ONE'S HALF
THE PRICE.
Gina: YEAH, SCREW YOU AND YOUR
$1,100 SHEETS, ASSHOLE! YOU HAVE
THE MONEY.
Christian: NO, I DON'T!
Gina: JESUS. WHAT'S UP YOUR ASS?
Christian: HARD DAY AT WORK. I'M
JUST...I'M JUST A LITTLE TENSE.
Gina: REALLY. WELL, I COULD
THINK OF A COUPLE OF INTERESTING
WAYS TO RELAX.
WHAT'S THE MATTER, CHRISTIAN?
NOT TURNED ON BY PREGNANT WOMEN?
Christian: NO, I'M JUST NOT
TURNED ON BY YOU. SORRY.
Gina: ME, TOO. I'M REPULSIVE.
Christian: NO MORE SO THAN
USUAL, SWEETH EART.
Gina: OH, SPARE ME, CHRISTIAN. I
KNOW HOW PATHETIC I AM COMING
ON TO YOU. YOU KNOW, IT'S THESE
DAMN HORMONES.
Christian: WHAT IS THIS? YOU
STILL SMOKING?
Gina: YEAH, WELL, HOW ELSE AM I
SUPPOSED TO DEAL WITH MY
CRAVINGS? YOU KNOW, WITHDRAWAL
IS HARD ON THE BABY. I CAN ONLY
EAT SO MUCH. WHAT, WOULD YOU
RATHER I SUCK ON THESE OR SOME
RAN DOM GUY?
Christian: DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA
THE DAMAGE THAT CIGARETTES HAVE
ON A FETUS? TRY ACUPUNCTURE.
Gina: OH, THAT WOULD TAKE CARE
OF MY ADDICTION. IT WOULDN'T
HELP MY ORAL FIXATION.
Christian: WELL, THEN I WILL BUY
YOU A BAG OF GODDAMN LOLLIPOPS.
NO MORE OF THESE!
Gina: FINE.
BUT I GET THE BURBERRY PRAM.
Sean: DID YOU SELL A SHIRT?
Christian: THE BOTOX. A 140
GRAND FOR MY SPEEDBOAT. CAN YOU
BELIEVE IT? IT'S WORTH AT LEAST
75 MORE THAN THAT. I GUESS WE'RE
JUST LUCKY THAT BOBOLIT HAD THIS
KIND OF CASH LAYING AROUND.
Sean: IS THAT ALL YOU GOT?
Christian: NO, I HOCKED MY ROLEX
FOR 20. HOW MUCH DID YOU GET?
Sean: I EMPTIED OUR FAMILY
EMERGENCY FUND AND MY PERSONAL
ACCOUNT, CALLED IN A FEW
OUTSTANDING BILLS.
Christian: AND?
Sean: I'M AT 25 RIGHT NOW.
Christian: WHAT?!
Sean: I'M SORRY, CHRISTIAN. I
HAVE A WIFE AND KIDS. I DON'T
HAVE THE KIND OF DISPOSABLE
INCOME YOU DO. GUESS I COULD
CASH IN SOME BONDS, BUT I'M
GONNA TAKE A BATH ON THEM.
Christian: THEN GET WET, SEAN!
I SOLD MY BABY. YOU NEED TO COME
UP WITH SOME MONEY.
Sean: I KNOW THAT. ANY IDEAS?
Christian: I GUESS YOU'RE GONNA
HAVE TO TAKE ON A FEW LESS
DESIRABLE CLIENTS.
Sean: TELL ME WHAT YOU DON'T
LIKE ABOUT YOURSELF.
I'LL NEED THE MONEY FOR YOUR
SURGERY UP-FRONT. AND IN CASH.
[DRIVE BY THE CARS PLAYING ON
JUKEBOX]
Escobar: SURE YOU'RE NOT HUNGRY,
GUYS? MY GIRLFRIEND, SHE LOVES
THE HOT SHIT RESTAURANTS IN
TOWN, BUT I PREFER IT HERE.
NOTHING BEATS A FRUITY TOOTY.
Jukebox: * WHO'S GONNA TELL YOU
WHEN IT'S TOO LATE?*
* WHO'S GONNA TELL YOU
THINGS... *
Christian: HE'S YOUR PERSONAL
TASTE R?
Escobar: WITH POWER COMES ENW.
WITH ENW COMES ASSASSINATION.
Sean: MAYBE IF YOU LAID OFF THE
COCAINE, YOU WOULDN'T BE SO
PARANOID.
Escobar: YOU NEED TO WATCH YOUR
MOUTH. I DON'T TOLERATE RUDENESS
DURING THE DINNER HOUR.
YOU GOT THE MONEY?
Sean: IT'S A LITTLE SHORT.
20 AT MOST.
Escobar: THAT'S NOT WHAT WE
DISCUSSED, GENTLEMEN.
Christian: WE'LL GET THE REST.
Escobar: DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT.
I'VE GOT ANOTHER GIRL COMING IN.
Christian: ANOTHER GIRL?
Escobar: SI. YOU KNOW,
OTRO BURRO. BUT GETTING IN
ISN'T EASY, NOT FOR THEM AND NOT
FOR MY SHIT, ESPECIALLY AFTER
9/11. SO, WE MAKE A DEAL. I GET
THEM A WORK PERMIT THROUGH THE
MODELING AGENCY I SET UP IN FORT
LAUDERDALE, AND IN RETURN, THEY
CARRY SOMETHING IN FOR ME. 3
TRIPS FOR ME, AND THEY'RE FREE
TO PURSUE THE AMERICAN DREAM.
AND EVERYBODY WINS.
Sean: EXCEPT FOR THESE POOR
GIRLS WHO HAVE THEIR CHESTS
BUTCHERED.
Escobar: MY METHOD BEATS
12-YEAR-OLDS SWALLOWING 20
RUBBERS FULL OF ROCK COCAINE AND
SWIMMING ACROSS THE RIO GRANDE.
Sean: WE'RE NOT GONNA OPERATE ON
YOUR SLAVES ANYMORE. WE'LL GET
YOU YOUR MONEY, AND THEN WE'LL
BE DONE.
Escobar: I TELL YOU WHEN YOU'RE
DONE. AND KNOW THIS...IF YOU
DON'T DO WHAT I'VE ASKED YOU
HAND BACK TO COLUMBIA WITH ME.
AND THEN YOUR FAMILY WILL LEARN
WHAT IT MEANS TO BE HUNGRY.
Christian: THIS FABRIC IS CHEAP.
Gina: IT'S NYLON. BABIES PISS
AND SHIT.
Christian: WELL, THEN FIND IT IN
BASIC BLACK, BECAUSE I AM NOT
WEARING ORANGE.
Salesman: BAD NEWS, FOLKS. YOUR
BURBERRY PRAM'S BACK-ORDERED
FOR 16 WEEKS.
Gina: OH, SHIT. SHIT, SHIT,
SHIT, GODDAMN IT! UGH!
Christian: HAVE YOU MET THE
MOTHER OF MY CHILD? ISN'T SHE
LOVE LY?
Salesman: IT'S A MOMMY THING. I
WHAT, 6 MONTHS?
Gina: I'M 6 MONTHS AND 4 DAYS.
Salesman: ANY KICKING YET?
AWESOME! I JUST FELT SOMETHING!
Christian: IT'S PROBABLY JUST
GAS FROM THE 3 BURRITOS.
Gina: I HAVE CRAVINGS, AND HE
DOESN'T UNDERSTAND.
Salesman: TELL YOU WHAT. I'M
GONNA SNEAK YOU TO THE TOP OF
THE LIST. ONE OF MY LADIES ISN'T
DUE FOR 6 MONTHS.
Gina: REALLY? GOD, THAT WOULD BE
SO FANTASTIC.
Salesman: NO PROBLEM.
[CELL PHONE RINGS]
Gina: UGH.
Christian: EXCUSE ME.
Gina: BRAD?
Brad: YEAH.
OVER THERE.
Christian: HELLO.
Pepe: THE FLIGHT ARRIVES AT
7:00. BE AT YOUR OFFICE BY 8:00.
LEAVE THE DOOR UNLOCKED.
[GINA AND BRAD LAUGHING]
Gina: OK, SO THIS IS MY ADDRESS,
AND YOU JUST HAVE EVERYTHING
SENT TO HERE.
Brad: GREAT. I'LL GO GET THE
COLOR SWATCHES.
Gina: OK. THANK YOU.
Christian: YOU GAVE A CLERK YOUR
ADDRESS, BUT YOU WON'T GIVE IT
TO ME? GROW UP, GINA. WE'RE
HAVING A BABY. TOGETHER. THAT
MEANS I HAVE A RIGHT TO KNOW
WHERE YOU LIVE.
Gina: WRONG. YOU HAVE NO RIGHTS
UNTIL YOU EARN THEM. AND GIVE
THE GUY YOUR CREDIT CARD. I'M
GOING NEXT-DOOR TO
BASKIN-ROBBINS.
Brad: OK, THAT'LL BE 4,250 PLUS
TAX.
Christian: SAY, BRAD, COULD I
TAKE A LOOK AT THAT ORDER FORM?
SHE WANTS TO GIVE YOU HER CELL
PHONE NUMBER.
Brad: OK. GREAT. IT'S RIGHT
THERE.
Christian: THANKS.
Suzanne: JUST PUT YOUR JANE
HANCOCK ON THE "X," JULIA.
Julia: WHAT'S THE PETITION FOR?
Suzanne: TO BAN THE TRANNIE FROM
OUR PILATES CLASS.
Julia: SUZANNE, DON'T YOU THINK
THAT'S A LITTLE HARSH?
Suzanne: PILATES IS A SACRED
GIFT WE MOMS GIVE OURSELVES.
AND YOU KNOW, I DON'T WANT THE
PRESSURE OF HAVING TO WEAR
MAKEUP OR SHAVE MY LEGS FOR SOME
MAN IN OUR MIDST.
Julia: SOFIA IS A WOMAN, AND
SEAN HAS ASSURED ME THAT SHE'S
INTO MEN.
Suzanne: I GET THE LEARNING
CHANNEL. I KNOW HOW THEY DO THE
OPERATION. ALL THEY DO IS SLICE
THE PENIS IN HALF LIKE AT A
WIENIE ROAST AND THEN SHOVE IT
ALL UP INSIDE.
Julia: SUZANNE!
Suzanne: NO, LET ME FINISH,
JULIA. THE BOTTOM LINE IS IF
YOU'VE GOT A DICK, FIND A COED
GYM.
Julia: SORRY, SUZANNE. I'M NOT
SIGNING IT. IT'S CRUEL. IT'S
INHUMANE.
Suzanne: OK, JULIA. HAVE IT YOUR
WAY. I MEAN, THE TRUTH IS,
SWEETIE, ALL THE OTHER MOMS IN
CLASS HAVE SIGNED. THAT MEANS I
PRESENT THE PETITION TO THE
TEACHER, AND SOFIA LOPEZ IS OFF
TO CRUNCH.
Julia: SUZANNE, WAIT. DON'T TURN
IN THE PETITION. LET ME TALK TO
HER. MAYBE I CAN SAVE HER THE
EMBARRASSMENT AND GENTLY SUGGEST
THAT PERHAPS THIS CLASS ISN'T A
GOOD FIT.
Suzanne: OH, JULIA. YOU ARE SO
BRAVE.
Sean: THIS IS INSANE! THEY JUST
CALL AND EXPECT US TO JUMP?
FORGET IT. STALL UNTIL WE THINK
UP A WAY TO GET OUT OF THIS.
Christian: DRUG LORDS DON'T HAVE
VOICE MAIL, SEAN. AND THIS IS
OUR WAY OUT OF THIS. ONE MORE
OPERATION, AND WE WALK AWAY.
Sean: HE WON'T CALL THE POLICE.
HE'S BLUFFING. WE BLUFF RIGHT
BACK.
Christian: THE LAST TIME I
CALLED HIS BLUFF, I GOT A SHOT
OF BOTOX IN MY DICK! TRUST ME,
THIS GUY'S DANGEROUS. WE'RE
STUCK, AND WE'RE DOING THIS.
HEH!
Gina: I SAID I WANTED A
BURBERRY.
Christian: IT'S AN ADDITIONAL
PRESENT. WHY DIDN'T YOU TELL ME
YOU LIVE ON A HOUSEBOAT?
JESUS, YOU MAKE ME CRAZY OVER
BABYPROOFING BED CORNERS, AND
YOU LIVE ON A GODDAMN FLOATING
DEATHTRAP.
Gina: NOBODY INVITED YOU.
Christian: THERE ARE RATS THE
SIZE OF TODDLERS DOWN HERE AT
THE DOCKS. THERE'S WATER
EVERYWHERE. HE COULD FALL OFF
AND DROWN.
Gina: OR SHE.
Christian: OHH. ARE YOU STUPID?
Gina: I TOLD YOU I COULDN'T DO
THIS ALONE.
Christian: YOU CAN'T DO IT AT
ALL.
Gina: YOU KNOW, TAKE YOUR SHITTY
STROLLER AND TAKE YOUR
JUDGEMENTS AND GET THE HELL OFF
MY PROPERTY, ASSHOLE.
Christian: AT LEAST MOVE TO A
TRAILER PARK. THERE'S LOT OF
DRUNK, HARD-UP MEN WHO'LL SLEEP
WITH ANYTHING. YOU'D LIKE IT
THERE.
Julia: DINNER WILL BE READY IN
20 MINUTES. WHERE YOU GOING?
Sean: LATE SURGERY.
Julia: WHO HAS SURGERY AT THIS
HOUR?
Sean: BUSY PATIENT.
Julia: WELL, THANKS FOR
THE NOTICE, SEAN. IF I KNEW YOU
WOULDN'T BE HERE, I WOULDN'T
HAVE MADE ALL THIS FOOD.
Sean: IF I DON'T GO TO WORK,
THERE WON'T BE ANY FOOD TO PUT
ON THE TABLE, JULIA.
Julia: SCREW IT. WE'RE GOING TO
McDONALD'S.
Matt: MOM, I KNOW WHAT YOU'RE
THINKING, THAT DAD'S--YOU KNOW.
HE TOLD ME ABOUT THE AFFAIR.
HE'LL NEVER DO IT AGAIN. THAT'S
NOT WHAT'S GOING ON.
Julia: YOUR FATHER SHOULD NEVER
HAVE TOLD YOU THAT.
Matt: WELL, AT LEAST HE DIDN'T
LIE TO ME, MOM.
Julia: OH, STOP PROTECTING HIM,
MATT, AND ME! IT IS SO DAMN
INAPPROPRIATE. WE'RE YOUR
PARENTS, NOT YOUR PALS, A
CONCEPT SOME PEOPLE IN THIS
HOUSE HAVE LOST TOTAL TRACK OF.
DO YOU KNOW WHAT'S GOING ON WITH
HIM LATELY?
Matt: NOPE. WHICH IS APPARENTLY
JUST GREAT, BECAUSE ACCORDING TO
YOU, WHAT HAPPENS IN THIS FAMILY
IS NONE OF MY BUSINESS.
Julia: OHH!
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
Liz: HEY, GUYS. WHAT'S UP?
Sean: CELEBRITY SURGERY.
YOU KNOW HOW PRIVATE THESE AGING
POP SINGERS ARE.
Liz: UH-HUH.
Christian: LIZ, YOU NEED TO
LEAVE.
Liz: WHY, CHRISTIAN? SO YOU CAN
REMOVE MORE IMPLANTS FILLED WITH
HEROIN WITHOUT A PROPER
AN ESTH ESIOLOGIST?
Sean: THAT'S NOT WHAT WE'RE
DOING.
Liz: CUT THE BULLSHIT, SEAN. I
KNOW WHAT'S GOING ON. I CAN SEE
THE FEAR IN YOUR EYES.
Christian: LIZ, THIS IS
DANGEROUS. DON'T DO THIS FOR US.
Liz: I'M NOT DOING IT FOR YOU,
CHRISTIAN. I'M DOING IT FOR THE
GIRLS THAT MONSTER IS USING AS
HIS MULES. I CAN'T GIVE THEM
BACK THEIR DIGNITY, BUT I CAN
DAMN WELL LESSEN THEIR PHYSICAL
PAIN. I'M STAYING.
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
Pepe: CHANGE OF PLANS. WE'VE GOT
A BIG PROBLEM. GET YOUR STUFF.
[SUNGLASSES AT NIGHT BY
COREY HART PLAYING]
* I WEAR MY SUNGLASSES
AT NIGHT,
SO I CAN, SO I CAN
WATCH YOU WEAVE, THEN BREATHE
YOUR STORY LINES *
* AND I WEAR MY SUNGLASSES... *
Escobar: MIRA, LOOK. OLD SCHOOL.
GOD, DON'T YOU MISS THE
EIGHTIES, MAN?
* KEEP TRACK OF VISIONS
IN MY EYES... *
Escobar: SHIT. PEPE! YO, WHAT'S
UP? HOW YOU DOING, MAN? LET ME
GIVE YOU A TOUR.
[WOMAN BREATHING RAGGEDLY]
* ...SHE GOT CONTROL OF ME?
I TURN TO HER AND SAY,
"DON'T TWIST THE BLADE
ON A GUY IN SHADES, OH, NO" *
Sean: HER FEVER'S EASILY OVER
102. HOW LONG HAS SHE BEEN LIKE
THIS?
Escobar: SHE TOLD PEPE SHE WAS
PUKING ON THE PLANE. HEY, IF THE
IMPLANT BROKE, YOU'RE GONNA HAVE
TO SCRAPE OUT WHATEVER LEAKED.
I'M NOT LEAVING ANY OF MY SHIT
IN THIS PUTA'S TITS.
Christian: WHAT'S HER NAME?
Pepe: ANTONIA RAMOS.
Christian: ANTONIA? MS. RAMOS?
YOU SPEAK ENGLISH?
Antonia: S-SI, SI. YES, YES.
Christian: MY NAME IS DR. TROY.
WOULD YOU MIND IF I TAKE A LOOK?
Antonia: NO, NO.
Sean: THESE AREN'T SYMPTOMS OF A
HEROIN OVERDOSE. THEY'RE
SYMPTOMS OF SEPSIS.
Christian: SHE'S GOT AN ACUTE
BACTERIAL INFECTION, UNDOUBTEDLY
FROM THE FILTHY INSTRUMENTS USED
BY YOUR SOUTH AMERICAN BUTCHERS.
Escobar: SO, THAT'S GOOD RIGHT?
Sean: NO, IT'S VERY BAD. IF IT
SPREADS TO HER HEART OR LUNGS,
SHE COULD DIE. CAN YOU PUT HER
OUT?
Liz: I'LL RUN AN I.V., GIVE HER
SOME VERSED. SHE WON'T REMEMBER.
Sean: OK, LET'S MOVE HER.
ALL RIGHT, ON 3.
Christian: ANTONIA, WE'RE GONNA
MOVE YOU, ALL RIGHT?
2, 3, GO.
Sean: IT'S OK. WE'RE GONNA GIVE
YOU A SHOT, ANTONIA, AND YOU'RE
GONNA BE ALL RIGHT.
Liz: IT'S OK, SWEETIE. IT WON'T
EVEN STING. OK, WE'RE TIGHT.
Christian: OK.
[HEART MONITOR BEEPING]
Liz: OK. THERE YOU GO.
Christian: OK.
Sean: OK. HERE WE GO.
READY? GO.
[CHRISTIAN GRUNTS]
Christian: LAST ONE.
Escobar: GET 'EM, MAN.
FILTHY, MAN. I COULD GET AN
INFECTION OR SOMETHING.
Escobar: TAKE IT, MAN! DO IT
NOW. TAKE IT. TAKE IT.
Sean: WAIT. WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
Escobar: OH, DON'T WORRY, THE
ROOM'S PAID FOR.
Sean: THIS WOMAN IS VERY ILL.
SHE NEEDS TO BE GIVEN I.V.
ANTIBIOTICS IMMEDIATELY, OR SHE
COULD DIE. YOU'RE RESPONSIBLE
FOR HER.
Escobar: OH, NOT ANYMORE. YOU
GUYS CAN KEEP THE GIRL, MAN.
LIKE, YOU KNOW, CONSIDER HER A--
A TIP.
Both: 50--
[JULIA LAUGHS]
Sofia: I KNOW WHY YOU ASKED ME
HERE, JULIA.
Julia: OK. AND HOW DO YOU FEEL
ABOUT THAT?
Sofia: I FEEL THAT YOU SHOULD
GIVE DR. MCNAMARA ANOTHER
CHANCE. WHEN I FIRST MET YOU,
JULIA, I COULD SENSE YOU NEEDED
A GIRLFRIEND TO TALK TO, JUST
LIKE I DO SOMETIMES.
Julia: SOFIA, HOW DO YOU KNOW
ABOUT MY PROBLEMS WITH SEAN?
Sofia: BECAUSE I'M FRIENDS WITH
LIZ. DR. MCNAMARA LOVES YOU,
JULIA. THE WAY HE TALKS ABOUT
YOU SO ADMIRINGLY. WELL, HE
THINKS YOU HUNG THE MOON.
Julia: I'M SORRY.
Sofia: OH, IT'S OK, SWEETIE.
LET IT OUT.
Julia: NO. IT'S JUST THAT I,
UH...AHEM. I'M SO ANGRY WITH
HIM.
Sofia: I KNOW. IT MUST FEEL
LIKE UNBEARABLE PAIN, JULIA.
I RECOGNIZE THAT. BUT HE'S A
MAN, THE MOST FLAWED OF SPECIES.
BUT, JULIA, LOOK AT ALL OF
DR. MCNAMARA'S POSITIVE
ATTRIBUTES.
Julia: ACTUALLY, SOFIA, I THINK
HE'S THE ONE THAT WANTS TO
LEAVE. HE'S BEEN, UM, ALMOST
UNRECOGNIZABLE LATELY.
Sofia: MMH. MARRIAGE IS HARD,
JULIA. I KNOW. I'VE BEEN THERE,
AND I FAILED. WHEN I WAS A MAN.
Julia: OH. RIGHT.
Julia: IS THERE A PROBLEM?
Sofia: DON'T WORRY, JULIA.
IF I LET THOSE PEOPLE BOTHER ME,
I'D HAVE SLIT MY WRISTS YEARS
AGO.
Julia: WELL, ACTUALLY, SOFIA...
UM, AS WELL AS TALKING ABOUT MY
MARRIAGE, I ALSO CAME HERE
BECAUSE OF THE WOMEN IN OUR
PILATES CLASS. THEY'RE, UM--
Sofia: CURIOUS ABOUT ME.
Julia: THEY DON'T WANT YOU IN
THE CLASS, SOFIA.
BUT...I DO.
HEH HEH HEH!
Sean: YOU'RE RESPONDING WELL TO
THE AUGMENTIN. THE INFECTION
LOOKS LIKE ITS SUBSIDING,
MS. RAMOS.
Antonia: IT'S TRUE WHAT THEY SAY
ABOUT THE STATES. THINGS ARE
BETTER HERE. THE PEOPLE ARE
BETTER HERE. WHEN WILL I BE WELL
ENOUGH TO TRAVEL TO FORT
LAUDERDALE? I NEED TO MEET MY
AGENT. I'M GOING TO BE A MODEL,
YOU KNOW.
Liz: THERE IS NO MODELING
AGENCY, SWEETHEART. WE TOOK THE
INFORMATION YOU GAVE US TO CHECK
OUT THE AGENCY. IT'S NOTHING BUT
A POST-OFFICE BOX AND AN
ANSWERING SERVICE. YOU WERE LIED
TO, ABOUT EVERYTHING.
Antonia: I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
Sean: THERE IS NO WORK PERMIT
WAITING FOR YOU HERE, ANTONIA.
YOU'RE GONNA HAVE TO LEAVE ONCE
YOUR TOURIST VISA EXPIRES.
Antonia: LEAVE? BUT MY FAMILY IS
COUNTING ON ME. I CAN'T GO BACK.
THEY NEED MONEY. PLEASE, ISN'T
THERE SOMETHING YOU CAN DO?
Sean: WE CAN HELP YOU HEAL,
ANTONIA, BUT WE CAN'T CHANGE THE
LAWS.
Julia: HI, SUZANNE. YOU
REMEMBER SOFIA.
Sofia: HELLO, SUZANNE. DON'T
YOU JUST LOVE THIS CLASS? IT'S
SO HARMONIOUS.
Suzanne: UH, JULIA, MAY I HAVE A
WORD WITH YOU OUTSIDE?
Julia: THAT'S ALL RIGHT,
SUZANNE. ANYTHING YOU WANT TO
SAY TO ME, YOU CAN SAY IN FRONT
OF MY FRIEND.
Sofia: IS THERE A PROBLEM,
SUZANNE?
Suzanne: NO, SOFIA. NO PROBLEM
AT ALL.
[JULIA SIGHS]
Julia: CAN WE BEGIN?
Instructor: I'M SORRY. I CAN'T
TEACH A CLASS WITH ONLY 2 PEOPLE
IN IT. UM, I'VE GOT A 3-PERSON
MINIMUM. SORRY.
Brad: YEAH, THIS IS GOOD STUFF.
PRICEY, BUT WORTH IT. YOU LIVE
IN A HIGH-RISE BUILDING WITH A
BALCONY, GOT RUG RATS, THIS
STUFF IS A NECESSITY.
Christian: WHAT ABOUT IF YOU
LIVE ON A HOUSEBOAT?
Brad: YOU COULD BLOCK A DECK OFF
WITH IT, TOO. ACTUALLY, I
RECOMMEND DOING THAT. SHE LIKES
TO KEEP THE PORTHOLES OPEN.
Christian: WHO? GINA? HOW WOULD
YOU KNOW?
Brad: I DELIVERED SOME STUFF TO
HER YESTERDAY ON THE GOOD SHIP
LOLLIPOP. YOU'RE ONE LUCKY DUDE.
SOME WOMEN JUST TAKE TO
PREGNANCY.
Christian: LIKE I TOLD YOU,
BRAD, PREGNANT WOMEN ARE NOT MY
THING. I'VE DONE WAY TOO MANY
POSTDELIVERY TUMMY TUCKS.
Brad: YOU'RE MISSING THE BOAT,
DOC. PUN INTENDED. PREGNANCY
DOES WONDERS FOR A WOMAN'S SEX
DRIVE. THEY'RE INSATIABLE. YOU
WANT TO KNOW THE BEST TIME? 39
WEEKS.
Christian: WHY IS THAT, BRAD?
Brad: 2 REASONS. FIRST, YOU GET
TO COME INSIDE THEM, AND THERE'S
CHEMICALS IN THE SEMEN HELP
DILATE THE CERVIX AND BRING ON
LABOR. THEY'RE DESPERATE FOR IT.
SECOND, THEY START EXPELLING
BREAST MILK. YOU EVER TASTE THE
NECTAR OF THE GODS, HUH? SWEET.
Christian: WHY DON'T WE JUST,
UH, ORDER 50 YARDS OF FENCING
AND CALL IT A DAY?
Brad: OK, BUDDY, BUT TAKE MY
WORD FOR IT. YOU LIKED GINA
BEFORE SHE CONCEIVED, YOU'RE
GONNA LOVE HER NOW, MAN. SHE'S A
TIGRESS.
Christian: DID YOU SCREW HER?
Brad: WELL, YEAH. SHE TOLD ME
ABOUT YOU GUYS' SITUATION. I
THOUGHT WE WERE COOL.
Christian: YOU'RE BRAGGING TO ME
ABOUT BANGING THE MOTHER OF MY
UNBORN CHILD, AND YOU THINK I'M
GONNA BE COOL WITH THAT?
WHAT KIND OF SICK FETISH FREAK
ARE YOU?
Brad: SHE TOLD ME YOU WEREN'T
TOGETHER.
Christian: WHAT'S THE
DIFFERENCE? THAT'S MY GODDAMN
CHILD YOU'RE POKING AT!
Brad: I DIDN'T MEAN TO. I SWEAR.
SHE WAS JUST SO LONELY AND
BEAUTIFUL. YOU CAN'T SEE IT, BUT
I CAN.
Christian: OH, YOU--
[STUFFED ANIMAL SQUEAKS]
Christian: CANCEL MY ORDER!
AND STAY AWAY FROM MY KID!
[JULIA SIGHS]
Julia: HEY. CAN WE TALK?
Matt: SURE.
Julia: I'M SORRY. FOR YELLING AT
YOU YESTERDAY. YOUR DAD AND I
ARE GOING THROUGH A ROUGH PATCH.
I'M SURE IT WON'T--
Matt: NO, MOM, I THINK YOU'RE
RIGHT ABOUT DAD. SOMETHING IS
GOING ON.
Julia: WHY DO YOU SAY THAT?
Matt: WELL, BECAUSE HE WROTE ME
A CHECK TO BUY SOME SCHOOL
STUFF, AND THEY WOULDN'T CASH
IT. THE BOOKSTORE SAID IT WAS
OVERDRAWN.
Julia: ANNIE, HONEY, COME OVER
HERE, PLEASE.
Escobar: GO AHEAD, SWEETIE. GO
TO YOUR MOMMY.
Julia: WHO THE HELL ARE YOU?
Matt: GET OUT OF OUR HOUSE.
Escobar: NO NEED FOR ALARM,
GUYS. I'M A BUSINESS ASSOCIATE
OF SEAN'S. I WAS IN THE
NEIGHBORHOOD, AND I--
Julia: GET OUT OF MY HOUSE, OR
I'M CALLING THE POLICE.
Escobar: LOVELY HOUSE.
OH.
THAT'S DELICIOUS. WHAT IS THAT?
THAT'S ORGANIC? TELL SEAN THAT I
STOPPED BY AND I MET HIS
BEAUTIFUL FAMILY. BYE, PUMPKIN.
Gina: OHH.
Gina: IF YOU WANT ME TO QUIT,
YOU SHOULD PRESCRIBE SOME
WELLBUTRIN.
Christian: NOT CIGARETTES, YOU
DUMB SLUT. HOW MANY COCKS HAVE
YOU HAD SINCE YOU BECAME
PREGNANT WITH MY BABY?
Gina: JUST BECAUSE I HAVE YOUR
ASSHOLE DNA INSIDE ME,
CHRISTIAN, DOESN'T MEAN YOU OWN
ME.
Christian: WHEN ARE YOU GONNA
REALIZE THIS ISN'T ABOUT ME AND
YOU? YOU'RE CARRYING A BABY.
THAT MEANS THERE'S MORE THAN ONE
LIFE DEPENDING ON THE WELL-BEING
OF YOUR BODY. YOU CAN'T JUST LET
SOME SICKO STICK HIS DICK INSIDE
YOU RIGHT NOW.
Gina: ARE YOU QUESTIONING MY
LOVE FOR THIS BABY?
Christian: ALONG WITH THE LOVE
YOU APPARENTLY DON'T HAVE FOR
YOURSELF, YES!
JESUS. WHY ARE YOU CRYING?
Gina: I'M CRYING BECAUSE I'M 35
YEARS OLD, I'M PREGNANT, AND I'M
ALONE! AND I JUST SLEPT WITH
SOME PERVERT WHO WANTED TO LICK
MY STOMACH WHILE I WENT DOWN ON
HIM.
Christian: I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU
HAD SEX WITH THAT GUY.
Gina: IT WASN'T ABOUT SEX,
CHRISTIAN. IT WAS ABOUT...OHH.
IT WAS ABOUT REASSURANCE. FOR
JUST HALF AN HOUR, I FELT LIKE
I WASN'T ALONE IN THIS. I LOVE
THIS BABY SO MUCH, AND I KNOW
THIS IS PROBABLY MY LAST CHANCE
TO FEEL WHOLE, TO HAVE A
PURPOSE, BUT I CANNOT DO IT. I'M
NOT EQUIPPED. I CAN'T TAKE CARE
OF A BABY. WHAT WAS I THINKING?
Christian: YOU CAN DO THIS,
GINA. YOU JUST...CAN'T DO IT
ALONE.
[CHRISTIAN BREATHES DEEPLY]
PACK YOUR THINGS.
Escobar: HEY, SEAN. JUST GIVE ME
A SECOND HERE, MAN.
Sean: IF YOU EVEN LOOK AT MY
FAMILY AGAIN, I'LL KILL YOU!
YOU UNDERSTAND? I WILL KILL YOU!
I WILL KILL YOU.
Pepe: PUTO.
LET ME CAP HIM, BOSS.
Escobar: NO. WE CAN'T SHOOT HIM.
HE'S THE TALENTED ONE. GET UP.
SIT HIM DOWN.
THAT WAS BRAVE, COMING INTO MY
HOUSE, ROUGHING UP MY SHIT.
YOU'RE NOT THE PUSSY I THOUGHT
YOU WERE.
Woman: ESCOBAR.
Escobar: WHAT?
Woman: WE DONE?
Escobar: DID I FINISH?
WHERE WERE WE?
Sean: WHY DID YOU THREATEN MY
FAMILY? I HAVE DONE EVERYTHING
YOU ASKED ME TO DO.
Escobar: YEAH, WELL, THIS IS
TRUE, SEAN. BUT I'M GOING TO BE
ASKING YOU TO DO MORE. AND
FRANKLY, I NEED TO GET THE
RESISTANCE THING OUT OF THE WAY.
AND YOU KNOW, NOW THAT YOU KNOW
THAT I KNOW WHERE YOU LIVE,
THERE WON'T BE ANY RESISTANCE,
WILL THERE? YOU'LL CONTINUE TO
WORK ON MY CLIENTS, AND I'LL LET
YOUR FAMILY LIVE IN PEACE.
I WANT YOU TO WATCH SOMETHING.
TURN AROUND, MAMI.
NOW, YOU WATCH THIS, OK, AND YOU
REALIZE THAT IF I WANTED IT,
THIS...THIS COULD BE YOUR WIFE.
HA HA HA!
Christian: WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
Gina: WHAT DOES IT LOOK LIKE I'M
DOING?
Christian: I DON'T WANT YOU
SLEEPING ON THE COUCH.
Gina: HOW ABOUT THE BALCONY?
LEAST I CAN SMOKE IN PEACE
OUT THERE.
Christian: YOU CAN SLEEP WITH
ME. YOU'RE AN EXPECT ANT MOTHER.
YOU NEED THE BACK SUPPORT. BUT
NO MONKEY BUSINESS.
Gina: BETTER NOT SNORE, ASSHOLE.
Christian: RIGHT BACK AT YOU.
Gina: OHH!
Christian: WHAT?
Gina: I JUST FELT THE BABY.
IT'S KICKING.
Christian: REALLY? WHAT'S IT
FEEL LIKE?
Christian: OHH!
WE'VE GOT A HEAWWEIGHT CHAMPION
IN THERE. HEH! HE'S A FEISTY
LITTLE GUY, ISN'T HE?
Gina: OR A GIRL.
IT'S RUSSO.
Christian: WHAT?
Gina: MY LAST NAME. IT'S RUSSO.
Christian: OUR 2:00 IS HERE.
Sean: MS. GUTIERREZ, TELL US
WHAT YOU DON'T LIKE ABOUT
YOURSELF.
Ms. Gutierrez: MY BREASTS.
[CAPTIONED BY THE NATIONAL
CAPTIONING INSTITUTE
--www.ncicap.org--]